Add Swift Package Manager docs (#10827)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/swift-package-manager/migrate-ios-project-manually.md

> Once you enable the Swift Package Manager feature, the Flutter CLI will try

Author: Fixed!

to migrate your project to add Swift Package Manager integration. This makes
your project download the Swift packages that your Flutter plugins depend on.

> However, the Flutter CLI may be unable to migrate your project if you've

Author: Fixed!

modified it significantly.

> Please [file a bug][] before migrating manually to help the Flutter team improve
> the automatic migration.
> Please include the error message you received and consider including a copy of
> the of the following files in your bug report:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If auto-migration fails, please [file an issue][]
before migrating manually; this helps the Flutter team improve
the automatic migration process.
Include the error message and, if possible, include a copy of
the following files in your issue:
```

Author: Thanks!

* `ios/Runner.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj`
* `ios/Runner.xcodeproj/xcshareddata/xcschemes/Runner.xcscheme`
   (or the xcsheme for the flavor used)

### Step 1: Add FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage Package Dependency {:.no_toc}

1. Open your app (`ios/Runner.xcworkspace`) in Xcode.

> 2. Navigate to Package Dependencies for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to **Package Dependencies** for the project.
```

Author: Fixed!

   {% render docs/captioned-image.liquid,
   image:"development/packages-and-plugins/swift-package-manager/package-dependencies.png",
   caption:"The project's package dependencies" %}

> 3. Click the `+` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **+** button.
```

Author: Fixed!

> 4. Click the `Add Local...` button on the bottom of the dialog that opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the dialog that opens, click **Add Local...**.
```

Author: Fixed!

5. Navigate to `ios/Flutter/ephemeral/Packages/FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage`

>    and click the `Add Package` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and click the **Add Package** button.
```

Author: Fixed!

> 6. Ensure it is added to the `Runner` target and click the `Add Package` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Ensure that it's added to the **Runner** target and click the `Add Package` button.
```

(The general rule of thumb, is that menu items should be bolded.)

Author: Fixed!

 
   {% render docs/captioned-image.liquid,
   image:"development/packages-and-plugins/swift-package-manager/choose-package-products.png",
   caption:"Ensure the package is added to the `Runner` target" %}

> 7. Ensure `FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage` was added to Frameworks,
>    Libraries, and Embedded Content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Ensure that `FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage` was added to **Frameworks,
   Libraries, and Embedded Content**.
```

Author: Fixed!

   {% render docs/captioned-image.liquid,
   image:"development/packages-and-plugins/swift-package-manager/add-generated-framework.png",
   caption:"Ensure `FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage` was added to Frameworks, Libraries, and Embedded Content" %}

### Step 2: Add Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script Pre-Action {:.no_toc}

> **The following must be completed for each flavor.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The following steps must be completed for each flavor.**
```

Author: Fixed!

> 1. Next, select Product > Scheme > Edit Scheme.
> 2. Click the `>` next to "Build" in the left side bar.
> 3. Select Pre-actions.
> 4. Click the `+` button and select `New Run Script Action` from the menu.
> 5. Click the "Run Script" title and change to
>    `Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script`.
> 6. Change the "Provide build settings from" to the app.
> 7. Input the following in the text box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Product > Scheme > Edit Scheme**.
2. Click the **>** next to **Build** in the left side bar.
3. Select **Pre-actions**.
4. Click the **+** button and select **New Run Script Action** from the menu.
5. Click the **Run Script** title and change to
   **Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script**.
6. Change the **Provide build settings from** to the app.
7. Input the following in the text box:
```

Author: About this bit:

> Click the **Run Script** title and change to
   **Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script**.

The "Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script" is text the user inputs into a text field (and not a menu item). I assume that should that be wrapped in backticks?

Author: Fixed everything else!

   ```sh
   /bin/sh "$FLUTTER_ROOT/packages/flutter_tools/bin/xcode_backend.sh" prepare
   ```

   {% render docs/captioned-image.liquid,
   image:"development/packages-and-plugins/swift-package-manager/add-flutter-pre-action.png",
   caption:"Add `Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script` build pre-action" %}

### Step 3: Run app {:.no_toc}

> 1. Run the app in Xcode and ensure `FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage` is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the app in Xcode and ensure that **FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage** is a
```

Author: `FlutterGeneratedPluginSwiftPackage` is a Swift package identifier that is displayed in something that looks like menu text... I believe backticks are preferable here, but let me know if I'm incorrect!

>    target dependency and `Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script` is ran as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   target dependency and **Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script** runs as
```

Author: Fixed!

   a pre-action.

   {% render docs/captioned-image.liquid,
   image:"development/packages-and-plugins/swift-package-manager/flutter-pre-action-build-log.png",
   caption:"Ensure `Run Prepare Flutter Framework Script` is ran as a pre-action" %}

> 2. Also, ensure the app runs on the command line with `flutter run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Also, ensure that the app runs on the command line with `flutter run`.
```

Author: Fixed!

Once you [turn on Swift Package Manager][] support, the Flutter CLI tries to
migrate your project to add Swift Package Manager integration.

> This makes your project download the Swift packages that your Flutter

Reviewer 2: maybe a bit more clear to say "the Flutter tooling downloads the Swift packages" ?

Author: Swift packages are downloaded by Xcode. The Flutter tool just generates some glue.

The process is roughly:

1. The Flutter tool download pub packages
2. The Flutter tool generates code to add iOS/macOS plugins to the Xcode project
3. Xcode downloads the Swift package dependencies for each iOS/macOS plugin

Before SwiftPM, the generated code in step 2 was CocoaPods magic. Now, the generated code also includes SwiftPM magic. The "Swift Package Manager integration" is your project including the SwiftPM magic that was generated by step 2.

plugins depend on.

> However, the Flutter CLI might be unable to migrate your project if you've

Reviewer 2: Do we mean "even if you've modified it significantly" ?

Note: "even" here?

Author: We can migrate projects _unless_ they've received heavy modifications.

We match do "match and replace" in your Xcode project to migrate it. This should work fine if your project is based off Flutter's templates. However, our matching logic can break if you've modified your Xcode project. The bigger your modifications, the more likely our matching logic breaks.

Reviewer 2: I guess I'm wondering if we need the "significantly" qualifier?

ideas:

"The Flutter CLI attempts to migrate your project to Swift Package Manager, even if you have made changes to <foo>. If the Flutter CLI tool is unable to migrate your project (for example, if there are unexpected modifications to Foo or Bar), then the Flutter CLI tool will <print some error or warning telling you where to manually update and modify>."

Author: Ah gotcha, I dropped the "significantly" qualifier and switched to wording similar to what you suggested.
